dev-guide: mention alphabet sorting (#701)
ferrocene/specification: src/dev-guide.rst

This document outlines the various formats, processes, and procedures associated with the maintenance of the FLS.

Enumeration
-----------

When mentioning multiple entities, sort them by alphabet.

> As an example, "A function item type implements Clone, Copy, Send, and Sync traits".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enumerating multiple entities, sort them alphabetically.

For example, in the sentence "A function item type implements Clone, Copy, Send, and Sync traits" the enumerated traits are sorted alphabetically.
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/fls/701/4ab4a37416e3fb1b47329e001f4add7bc6a9e9e2..bfc318669906f6db63ea268573243ae2403f550c)*
